I were about none so you ain't worried
about nothin but taking a piece bead
ain't worried about nothin but a ball
stepping in I'm Atticus missionary
what school was good back up in the
building boy DJ downs back with a brand
new review on the row she runs right
here here's the shoe here's the box for
everyone I love seeing the box there you
go this is the new nike sportswear box
which i am a fan of they needed to
switch it off it's been a while and
here's the shoe right here in Petra
brown red and black retelling for
seventy dollars i did a vlog talking
about how i feel about this shoe and
explaining how it went from me not
wanting to ever wear the shoe to wanting
this shoe right here basically what the
deal was with this shoe to make a long
story short i really wasn't into this
shoe but I've seen this colorway and it
made me want to shoot now for every 1
i've seen the vlog that wants to hear
more about my thoughts on it i'll speak
more about that toward the end of the
video i want to review the shoe show
them on feet and then we'll go there for
anyone else that's still interested to
hear more so let's get into it the upper
is like this nylon kind of material
there is some support a little bit over
here you can feel but the rest of it is
very flimsy as you can see and you have
this kind of like tiger camo right here
really love the color way then you've
got seems like a synthetic kind of like
leather material on the swoosh get a
pull strap right there and on the back
with a Nike swoosh right there here's
the insole super thin I'm shocked
actually that the insole is this then
you would think that they would at least
give you like dick in Seoul for being
this Rosie run shoe that people are
praising saying is so comfortable and
then last but not least as you can see
you got your soul which is one piece
right here and
my opinion on a comfortability of the
shoe i think that is comfortable but i
mean at the end of the day I think
people are saying it's comfortable just
because of the fact that the upper is
really nothing it's just this nylon and
just like your foot is sitting on a soul
so I think that's why a lot of people
are saying is comfortable I mean it's
like you're wearing some slides with you
know a nylon / and I know that some of
the materials are not this material some
are different kinds of materials so in
other cases of other versions of this
rocha part here I'm gonna talk more
about my thoughts of this shoe right
after I showed them on feet real quick
though so let's do that we'll be right
back all right here we go with all feet
look let me know what you think of these
right here as far as a fit i would say i
think they weren't true to size now that
i got these on my feet when i tried them
on at first at the store I got a nine
and they were kind of snug and it was
now that I think about it the reason why
they were snuggles because I was wearing
some MBA socks I was wearing a pair of
jordan 6s i think and you know i'm
wearing some thick and be a sock so of
course it's gonna fill in on a shoe like
this so now that i'm just wearing some
standard nike socks i think i should oh
definitely win besides nine on these and
not nine and a half but it's not that
serious i'm still gonna wear them you
know you get more your size he's gonna
fill in more over here I don't really
like the loose wrinkly look over here
not that hot right there in my opinion
kind of wack but far away you can't even
tell you know what I mean just from
looking up I notice it but it ain't that
serious and i think the shoe is
comfortable i think people are OD'ing
hyping the show up and my science behind
the whole deal with this shoes i think
people are hyping up the shoe because
the fact that it's more affordable and
people want this to be a popular shoe if
it's more affordable you know and hey
keep getting where you fit it you know
what I mean I mean if this price point
is more up your alley go cam you nor me
pick up all the colors if you like it
whatever makes you happy that's all this
sneaker thing is all about all this is
about what you like to wear what makes
you feel good when you out and about you
know what I mean and the shoe is
comfortable i'm not saying shoe it's not
comfortable but um people are just
holding i think they completely OD'ing
um i was talking to my home girl she was
telling me you know these are so
comfortable she kept telling me I was
like he's are more comfortable than a
pair of air maxes and what she tell me
well I pair of air maxes don't cost
seventy dollars so you know what I mean
that's what I think a lot of people
looking at this whole roshe run wave as
you
the fact that they are more affordable
people are more attracted to the shoe
right here and you know how we do with
all that talk going on there's only one
one thing that needs to be done the
infamous Bert Bert Bert Bert Bert for
birds off you okay you want my opinion
on the shoe the shoes definitely an
override shoe because the fact that it
is a Nike shoe that is affordable I
think the shoes comfortable while I be
buying more color ways of this shoe
probably not don't need you know to do
that I have a lot of different colors of
different shoes already so there's no
need for me to have this shoe am at in
love with the shoe but i love this
colorway right here and that's basically
my thoughts on the shoe right here and
check out that vlog if you have not
we're basically just talk more about my
original thoughts happy to have this
shoe though think you look sick on feet
leave your comments so let me know what
you think about what I've said let me
know what you let me know what you think
about the actual shoe itself do you
think into the hot shoe or do you think
the shoe is just whatever lot of
nicknames are beginning to surface on
this shoe some people calling it the
Freddy Krueger cuz you know the brown
and then the red hits like kind of like
slashing I could see that some people
calling this the mangoes I can't see
that at all I mean there's no mango
color to it this is red and the only
other color i can see besides red would
be pink and not mango so I don't see
where the mango is but if that's what
you want to call it quote what you want
to call it I say that all the time and
what I said that's it for today hope you
enjoyed the video hit the thumbs-up
funny if you love what I'm doing check
out my blog this sneaker attic calm
morning noon and night like clockwork
follow me on instagram team DJ delz and
make sure to go to my blog this sneaker
addict.com for your Sneaker News take
advantage of my work and what Dad said
I'll be back really really